Add documentation about auto-adding source bucket (#4258)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/Preferences.md

  defaultSourceBucket: s3://bucket-b
```

Note that the `ui.sourceBuckets` is empty by default.

> So, when the users create a new package they can't add files from any bucket
> including the current one.
> 
> However, we have a shortcut for adding the current bucket
> to the list of `ui.sourceBuckets` from the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, when users create or revise a package in a new bucket they can't add files from any bucket, including that one.  Instead, you need to manually add a configuration file, or click "auto-add current bucket" (which will create or edit the configuration file to add the current bucket to the list of `ui.sourceBuckets`)
```
